u.s. tech stocks fall on texas instruments outlook,new york  reuters - u.s. tech stocks fell on tuesday led by a drop in texas instruments inc. txn.n but the dow industrials closed at another record high boosted by general motors corp.  gm.n  on expectations it will report strong results on wednesday

replidyne lost half its market value. larger forest fell as much as 6.3 percent, dragging back a stock that has still run up 25 percent since a u.s. court upheld a key patent for its lexapro anti-depressant in july. the u.s. food and drug administration issued a nonapprovable letter for faropenem medoxomil, and the companies said they expected they would need a minimum of two years to complete additional clinical studies. we believe this to be a major setback for forest labs as it was their only near-term pipeline opportunity, bank of america analyst david maris wrote in a research note. susquehanna financial group analyst angela larson said she expected forest to still pursue faropenem and that the products sales could exceed $200 million annually. however, she does not include the drug in her financial forecasts because of its uncertain regulatory prospects. this is one of several items they have in development, but by no means was it the linchpin to our outlook, larson said. replidynes december application for faropenem sought approval for the drug for four conditions acute bacterial sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, acute exacerbation of chronic bronchitis, and uncomplicated skin and skin-structure infections. new york-based forest and louisville, colorado-based replidyne in february announced an agreement to jointly develop the drug. the application was based on results of 11 late-stage clinical trials for these uses, the companies said. the fda has recommended further clinical studies for all the potential uses, replidyne and forest said. the companies said they would discuss their agreement in light of the fda decision. it is our intention to work together with replidyne to conduct the additional clinical trials required to obtain fda approval for at least two respiratory indications in order to launch faropenem, forest chief executive howard solomon said in a statement. last week, forest posted an 18 percent rise in quarterly profit and raised its financial forecasts for the fiscal year ending in march. as reasons for optimism, susquehannas larson pointed to lexapro, as well as forests namenda treatment for alzheimers disease and its benicar hypertension drug. im very comfortable with the valuation and that people should even be buying into this weakness given the consistency of just those three existing product lines, larson said. while calling the fda ruling an unfortunate regulatory outcome, prudential analyst tim anderson said in a research note that the setback shouldnt have a huge earnings impact on forest for the next two or so years. forest shares fell $3.07, or 6 percent, at $48.40 in afternoon new york stock exchange trade, where they earlier dropped to $48.21. shares of replidyne were down $4.81, or 47 percent, at $5.43 on nasdaq after dropping to $4.80, their lowest price since the company went public in june.

